Lord,

I declare to You thanks for this opportunity to pray and to seek your face and to rejoice in the light of Your countenance.  As i search your Scriptures, your truth is refreshing and brings joy to the soul.  Lord, I seek to me a man of prayer and desire to emulate the founder of Life Ray.

I ask that You would help me to be effective in Your service and effective in Your service and effective in Your light.  Lord, unless You place your hand upon me, my life will not have the kind of effectiveness I desire.  I ask that You would graciously allow me to live in the light of Your great glory.  I know that Your power is exceedingly great, beyond what I can comprehend and upon Your command the hinges of the universe turn.  And so I entreat you humbly, make me a humble servant.  I confess to You that my pride is great in desiring to be exalted and desiring to be lifted up instead of being brought low.  It is my prayer that You would help me to know that to be low is to be high and that you oppose the proud but give grace to the humble.  I pray that You would forgive me for my pride at the gym and forgive me for my pride in interacting with my wife--this is wrong.  I pray that You would continue to work in my heart Lord.

Father, I pray that You would use Angel and myself as vessels for Your honor and for Your glory--i have prayed many a time concerning my interactions with Dan.  I pray that I would reflect the characteristics of a holy man like Christ--one who exhibits both strength and purity.  I pray that You would help me to be a model of both grace and truth in my interactions with Dan and Asami and Pam.  Lord, I pray that Your will would be done in the right people coming for Tea--be it Dan or all three of them.  I pray that You would empower my wife to be able to relate to Asami and Pam, I pray that You would also give me wisdom unsearchable--not that I might receive the glory but that You would receive the glory in my interactions.  

I pray that You would also open my mind and provide me with great energy to execute and study with diligence.  I pray that I would study with all manner of diligence, but that I might have a holy humility when I don't understand something.  I pray that You would be gracious to me in this way Lord.  I ask that You would also help me to find the ways that I can use my gifts in an appropriate manner.  I pray that You would give me the right kind of heart for service Lord.  I pray that You would forgive me for the attitude which desires to be dependent on self and no one else, finding security in self and no one else.  I pray that You would help me to remember that ultimate security is found in You, and that You have ordained life such that we are to be inter-dependent on one another.  I pray that You would help me to rejoice in trying to bring glimpses of what can be to other people.

I pray that You would help me to find wisdom in thinking about how to prepare for this planned career shift.  I pray that you would help me to take a realistic appraisal of my gifts and talents and help me to apply them well.  Please provide the right job for me in Your timing and I pray that You would help me to be content and have wisdom in knowing when I am working too hard vs. not hard enough.  

Through Jesus I pray,
Amen.

